# CodeJam
<p align="justify"> 
You know what's the one thing that we (the team behind this product) cannot stand? When people don't seperate their trash! According to a survey in 2019, only 53% of surveyed citizens in the United States stated that they always separated their waste. According to another survey in 2020, people around the world feel that lack of programs/services to enable recycling is what stops them from recycling more. </br>
Yes, we know that we live in a busy world where people don't have time and yes, even if there's time, people just are lazy. And we get that sometimes, it's just hard to figure out what goes where. I mean, the bottle in my hand looks like it should be recycled. But I don't see the symbol! I'm so confused! Relaaax, that's why we're here! With the most innovative solution for waste management - a smart trash can! No, no, we're not like those folks who attach the word 'smart' to a dummy bin that can open with a hand wave. We mean it when we call it smart, because guess what? That's correct! It's AI powered! </br>
How does that work, you ask? Okay, It's very simple. Our application, that runs on a smart device that is attached to a trash can, has the ability to scan the trash that you have in your hand and in split seconds using our Computer Vision technology, categorize it into the right category using our AI model, and FORCE the user to comply by only opening the door for the right catgory. How smart, right?! Also also, it has recommendations when you have an item that does not fall into a category! Very cool indeed. What's more, apart from the regular categories of Recycle, Landfill and Compost, it also can take e-waste because  WE KNOW that e-waste disposal is hard. Wait! we're not done with the features, Remember? "Smart". So what if it fails to recognize? No issues, it can scan again. What if it fails again? Great opportunity to continuosly retrain the model, it can take YOUR input in text AND speech form. What if it makes a mistake? Please forgive, it's just a machine. But you can help it by letting it know that it made a mistake, so it won't again.
</p>
